Enable native lazy objects by default, add an option to disable it (#940)
doctrine/DoctrineMongoDBBundle: docs/config.rst

For details on configuring Queryable Encryption (QE) and Client-Side Field-Level Encryption (CSFLE), see :doc:`encryption`.

Lazy object implementation
--------------------------

Doctrine MongoDB ODM uses lazy objects for lazy instantiation of references.
The original implementation is based on the `ProxyManager` library.
In version 2.10, support for Symfony lazy ghost objects has been added.
And in version 2.14, support for PHP 8.4 native lazy objects has been added.

The bundle selects the best available lazy object implementation based on the
installed packages and PHP version. You can override this behavior by setting
the following configuration options disable specific lazy object implementations.
This is not recommended unless you have a specific reason to do so.
Please open an issue if the default Native Lazy Objects are not working as expected

> as it is the preferred implementation, other will be removed in future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as it is the preferred implementation. The other implementations will be removed in a future version.
```

For details on configuring Queryable Encryption (QE) and Client-Side Field-Level Encryption (CSFLE), see :doc:`encryption`.

Lazy object implementation
--------------------------

Doctrine MongoDB ODM uses lazy objects for lazy instantiation of references.
The original implementation is based on the `ProxyManager` library.
Since version 2.10 of Doctrine MongoDB ODM, support for Symfony lazy ghost

> objects has been added. And in version 2.14, support for PHP 7.4 native lazy

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be 8.4? You mentioned 7.4 in the PR description as well.

Author: Good catch. Thanks.
